[Music]
now the whole congregation of the
children of Israel assembled together at
Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of
meeting there and the land was subdued
before them but there remained among the
children of Israel seven tribes which
had not yet received their inheritance
then Joshua said to the children of
Israel how long will you neglect to go
and possess the land which the Lord God
of your father's has given you pick out
from among you three men for each tribe
and I will send them they shall rise and
go through the land survey it according
to their inheritance and come back to me
and they shall divide it into seven
parts Judah shall remain in their
territory on the south and the house of
Joseph shall remain in their territory
on the north you shall therefore survey
the land in seven parts and bring the
survey here to me that I may cast lots
for you here before the Lord our God
but the Levites have no part among you
for the priesthood of the Lord is their
inheritance and GAD Reuben and half the
tribe of Manasseh have received their
inheritance beyond the Jordan on the
east which Moses the servant of the Lord
gave them
then the man arose to go away and Joshua
charged those who went to survey the
land go walk through the land survey it
and come back to me that I may cast lots
for you year before the Lord in Shiloh
so the men went passed through the land
and wrote the survey in a book in seven
parts by cities and they came to Joshua
at the camp in Shiloh then Joshua cast
lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord
and there Joshua divided the land to the
children of Israel according to their
divisions now the lot of the tribe of
the children of Benjamin came up
according to their families and the
territory of their lot came out between
the children of Judah and the children
of Joseph their border on the north side
began at the Jordan and the border went
up to the side of Jericho on the north
and went up through the mountains
westward it ended at the wilderness of
Beth Haven the border went over from
there toward Las to the side of less
which is Bethel southward and the border
descended to uttereth Adam near the hill
that lies on the south side of Laura
Beth horror then the border extended
around the west side to the south from
the hill that lies before beth horon
southward and it ended at kerchief bail
which is kiriath-jearim a city of the
children of judah this was the west side
the south side began at the end of
kiriath-jearim and the border extended
on the west and went out to the spring
of the waters of neft Oh
then the border came down to the end of
the mountain that lies before the valley
of the son of Hinnom which is in the
value of the refe among the north
descended to the Valley of Hinnom to the
side of the Jebusite City on the south
and ascended to n Rogo and it went
around from the north went out to N XI
mesh and extended toward Goliath which
is before the ascent of a dumb him and
ascended to the stone of Bohan the son
of Reuben then it passed along toward
the north side of Arab ER and went down
to Arabic and the border passed along to
the north side of beth Hagler then the
border ended at the north bay at the
salt sea at the south end of the Jordan
this was the southern boundary the
Jordan was its border on the east side
this was the inheritance of the children
of Benjamin according to its boundaries
all around according to their families
now the cities of the tribe of the
children of Benjamin according to their
families were Jericho Beth Hagler M
akiza's Beth Aruba
Zam Aram Bethel even Peres Afra Keefe
aha Amnon I FBI and Gaber twelve cities
with their villages Gibeon Rhema be Roth
Misbah kaffarah
Moser Rican a pale ta'ala Zilla Aleph
Sheba's which is Jerusalem gibbous and
kir Jeff fourteen cities were their
villages this was the inheritance of the
children of Benjamin according to their
families
[Music]
you